Enhance skuba addon upgrade plan (#923)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/admin-updates.adoc

It can result in temporary connection loss for pods and services which might take few minutes.
====

> To get an overview of the addon updates available and validates the addon base and patches manifest before applied to the current cluster, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an overview of the addon updates available with validating the addon base and patches manifest before applied to the current cluster, you can run:
```
